CAPA: Release v25.1.1. (#1407)
giantswarm/releases: capa/v25.1.1/announcement.md

> **Workload cluster release v25.1.1 for CAPA is available**. This release updates cluster-aws to v1.1.1 which includes several important patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workload cluster release v25.1.1 for CAPA is available**. This release updates cluster-aws to v1.1.1 which allows configuring the node CIDR mask size, toggle the auditd service, and define multiple service account issuers in a certain order (important for migration of Vintage clusters).
```

Author: I will never understand why English grammar adds a comma in enumerations. Apart from that: Thank you! ❤️
